what are some like beginner mistakes you
see with people building affiliate
websites
the biggies are probably getting trapped
in this cycle of inaction where they're
just trying to plan
everything everything needs to be
planned down to the last minute detail
and they're not
getting anything done they're not
actually taking
action it's just month after month of
trying to make sure that you don't do
anything wrong
but that just results in not actually
doing anything real hard to rank and
make money when you're not
putting stuff online and building links
people just getting stuck
and spinning their wheels trying to make
sure that they pick the right niche they
have the right theme and their plug-in
stack is right and the keywords they're
going after the right ones and blah blah
blah that stuff's important
but you can't spend months just trying
to tweak and get everything perfect and
then be like okay now i'm going to start
you just gotta
start doing it and find what works and
just lean into it
you